replaced previous toggle syntax with current options (#2726)
cap-js/docs: guides/deploy/build.md

Build tasks are derived from the CDS configuration and project context. By default, CDS models are resolved from these sources:

- _db/_, _srv/_, _app/_ — default root folders of a CAP project

> - _fts/_ and its subfolders when using [feature toggles](../extensibility/feature-toggles#enable-feature-toggles-in-node-js)

Author: ```suggestion
- _fts/_ and its subfolders when using [feature toggles](../extensibility/feature-toggles#enable-feature-toggles-in-nodejs)
```
